I've meditated everyday this is what has
happened I've started doing videos on
how I've meditated every day but more
importantly than that probably is that
my assumption of Who I am has been
challenged because I have a daily
experience of consciousness that is
distinct from my individual sense of my
self not to say that often when I sit
down meditating I just sort of close my
eyes I'm thinking I'm thinking just
stuff going on in my head and all you're
doing really is closing your eyes the
type of meditation I primarily do is
called Transcendental Meditation just
the name it's a form of mantra
meditation where you think a word given
to you by your teacher and whenever you
notice you're not thinking that word you
return to it eventually through the
repetition of this word sometimes the
mind kind of sinks into a state of deep
awareness where you are not continually
involved in the construction of in a
narrative put simply the sense of
thinking continually like oh I think I'm
not God of this meditations a bit boring
or that was terrible this thing happened
I wish I could do that I'd like to maybe
one day I will learn how to do scuba
dive like that stopped and it's just a
beautiful sense of peace I know is that
part of the point of meditation is to
return myself continually to the present
to the moment to watch how I have a
tendency mentally to be thinking about
sewing from the past or projecting to
something in the future as kind of
inability to just be still and be
present in the moment the mantra
gives the mind something to do so that
it has that to think like we're little
minds a child and you give it a yo-yo or
a biscuit or something or a ps4 these
days and you say you play with that I'll
be over here now as that particular
piece of language suggests it's as if
the thinking mind is not the ultimate
set
almost as if there are many many selves
if you think of the Olympian pantheistic
model it's like mr. God a wall that God
of love the message of God the Olmec God
the God of under the sea the various
different forms of deities meaning in
practical and individual terms that
sometimes I am governed by there at
different humors when my blood is up I'm
a different person there are decisions
I'll make when I'm angry or decisions
I'll make when I'm fearful I would never
consider making otherwise meditation
means that the crucible or The Scream
upon which all of these images are
reflected becomes somewhat not elevated
but at least I'm aware I'm aware it I
say all the gods live on Mount Olympus
I'm aware of myself as Mount Olympus and
not all of the different gods I'm aware
that hold on I'm the continuum or in the
language of Rumi I am a guesthouse and
there are many visitors jealousy sadness
rage anger love you know when you're in
love it consumes you and there's nothing
but love that's what it's so beautiful
isn't it that early bliss of falling in
love that beauty euphoria that almost
hysteria at the moments when you find
out they like you too and you awarded
you and then you have those first
revelatory conversations what about
there when we were talking that time you
know God already likes you then ah the
giddy silly bliss of those days to be
free from the self almost like what we
really want is to be free of the self we
will take drugs to be free of the self
we watch movies to be free to simply buy
clothes he'd fall in love to be free of
the self and yet what do we are we
continually telling what I'm ever be
yourself be yourself as if that
something can be realized through this
constructed identity meditation helped
me to understand that I am not what I
think and feel I am witnessing what I
think and feel that and as I do that I'm
less likely to get involved in or take
allocations conflicts or problems that
are as a result of my force and feelings
they still happen and I still have the
force and feelings but my relationship
with them is
changing is getting easier furthermore
more relaxed more calm less concerned
about external things less tied to
material things still have those things
I've been longing doctrine ated and in
cult and inculcated by the culture I was
born into so I still care what other
people think about me want people to
respect me and be attracted to me all of
those things that come with being a
human animal socialized in the time that
I was socialized but by having access to
these you know ancient archaic
principles of meditation my perspective
on myself and my life changes and in
fact that's the point of them that's why
I always say that the mindfulness
movement as an extraction of spiritual
principles from their theological
underpinnings is a disrespectful thing
do some mindfulness in order to become a
better lawyer and then crack on even
though I've had very great teachers say
you know your meditation will improve
you or accountancy or your lovemaking
David Lynch even once said to me when I
was a lot younger you will enjoy
pornography even more when you meditate
but the true goal for me of the
spiritual experience is to be free of
watching pornography to be free of
caring about my professional duties
except for as they bear on helping
others you know I have to be a comedian
that's useful to other people I have to
be a comedian it's loving in my personal
relationships that the aim becomes a
kind of service of a higher or this
different good different good not just
contained within my individualistic
materialistic rationalistic needs I am
me I'm gonna die one day
I better get as much stuff for me and my
family as I possibly can all those ideas
they abide in me yes they do but my
journey my intention the map that I
follow is one of transcendent and by
transcendent I mean first and foremost
we transcend to the belief of who we are
and then perhaps together we can
transcend the ideas of
what a society is we could start to
think about well how could we form
different systems different communities
together how can I relate to other
people differently
is it possible that every interaction I
have ends with that person feeling a
little better for having known me not
somewhat diminished or yeah somehow no
cheapened or wounded or dismissed you
know so it has on one level it's very
simple and it's about kindness and
recognition or who I fought myself to be
was a construct on a deeper level it's
the recognition that we are all one that
we probably all access the same place
for meditation and those probably I say
as if that can be ever proven but it
seems that there's a sort of
perennialism a universal into the way
that these states are described for our
history and through our various forms of
documentation even though the language
might change it might be the angel
Gabriel or it might be the Holy Ghost or
it might be some transcendent mystical
force or it might be the beliefs of one
sort you know the freedom from the wheel
but it all for me seems like the same
place we're all heading we're all
heading in the direction of oneness rule
heading in the direction of love and
meditation is a invaluable tool on
facilitating that journey that's why I
meditate every day and that's why you
should meditate every day hello I'm
doing these new videos more frequently
now please hit the notification button
at the end of this video cuz then you'll
get a like a little bell when there I
post a new video and I'd like you to get
a little bill when I post the video then
I can I don't know be buzzing away in
your pocket sounds like I'd be like a
little pocket mosquito anyway subscribe
click the bell I want more people to
watch their YouTube videos you
specifically